== Welcome to Shout For Freedom (SFF)

12345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890
SFF has a few benefits that will be useful to anyone who wants to help a leader 
get her or his message out.  Those benefits include:

* Getting the message out to WAY more followers
  Allowing a leader (or a group of leaders working together) to CAUSE trends.
  Increasing the leader's Klout score and thus their social media visibility.
  Providing some income to Anti-Trafficking-Activist leaders.

== Getting the message out to WAY more followers

That seems like an outrageous claim doesn't it?  Let's go through an example

SFF is a web-application that assists leaders in the Anti-Human-Trafficking 
movement, by spreading their twitter messages through subscription service 
members like you. Additionally, a portion of the your subscription fee will 
go to the six leaders you designate.  Should you choose less than six leaders, 
undesignated portions will go to a special fund used for special projects.

== Why use Twitter?

Twitter is an extremely efficient use of resources to get messages out to 
followers.  I have had my tweets retweeted to thousands of twitter users by 
anti-trafficking leaders like Ashton Kutcher, Stella Marr, Rebecca Mott, 
Kylla Leeburg, Lynn Robertson, and Phillip Cenedella. But even though these 
leaders have large followings, and even though I talk to a lot of people 
personally, I am always encountering more people that don't know that:

* Prostitution = pain (Marr)
  There is no difference between the worst porn & prostitution (Mott)
  Truckers are beginning to be part of the solution (Leeburg)
  Backpage.com is a prostitution/trafficking accelerant (Cenedella)
  Advertisers need to stop supporting Backpage.com (Robertson)

But that only represents the traditional use of Twitter. Shout For Freedom's 
way is exponentially better. Let me explain.  
